Add timestamps to video 07: Thomas Wiecki part 2 (#32)
pymc-devs/video-timestamps: videos-list/07-thomas_part2.md

https://discourse.pymc.io/t/the-bayesian-workflow-building-a-covid-19-model-by-thomas-wiecki/6017

## Timestamps

00:00 Intro - Motivation for Generative Models in Bayesian Statistics
00:50 Agenda 
01:08 Adressing Limitations of previous model using Rt
01:31 Current Rt model in use from rt.live
02:38 Delay effects on Rt we should take into account 
03:06 Effects of Tracking lockdowns, mask use and social distancing on Rt

03:45 The generative model 
04:21 Dataset - US new daily cases 
04:42 Build a generative model using a recursive function for new cases

> 06:03 Mapp the recursive loop into pymc3 object with theano.scan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
06:03 Translate the recursive loop into a pymc3 object with theano.scan
```

> 
> 00:00 Intro - Motivation for Generative Models in Bayesian Statistics
> 00:50 Agenda 
> 01:08 Adressing Limitations of previous model using Rt
> 01:31 Current Rt model in use from rt.live
> 02:38 Delay effects on Rt we should take into account 
> 03:06 Effects of Tracking lockdowns, mask use and social distancing on Rt
> 
> 03:45 The generative model 
> 04:21 Dataset - US new daily cases 
> 04:42 Build a generative model using a recursive function for new cases
> 06:03 Translate the recursive loop into a pymc3 object with theano.scan
> 07:06 Instantiate model and set parameters 
> 10:33 Follow the bayesian workflow 
> 11:25 Time varying reproduction
> 
> 12:28 Select prior with time-varying factor(random walk process)
> 14:41 Update model with new prior
> 16:00 Prior and Posterior predictive results 
> 
> 17:23 Taking infection delay into account - generation time distribution
> 18:00 Modeling of generation time distribution of covid 19 
> 19:03 Convolution definition
> 20:38 Updating generative process model with a convolution
> 21:50 Prior and Posterior predictive results  
> 23:18 Compare models 
> 
> 23:49 The number of infected - onset delay distribution
> 24:50 Update model with onset delay effect
> 26:26 Prior and Posterior predictive results 
> 
> 27:28 Adjusting for number of tests performed 
> 29:35 Results discussion
> 30:05 Conclusion/Final remarks
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
00:00 Intro - Motivation for Generative Models in Bayesian Statistics
00:50 Agenda 
01:08 Addressing Limitations of previous model using Rt
01:31 Current Rt model in use from rt.live
02:38 Delay effects on Rt we should take into account 
03:06 Effects of Tracking lockdowns, mask use and social distancing on Rt
03:45 The generative model 
04:21 Dataset - US new daily cases 
04:42 Build a generative model using a recursive function for new cases
06:03 Translate the recursive loop into a pymc object with theano.scan
07:06 Instantiate model and set parameters 
10:33 Follow the bayesian workflow 
11:25 Time varying reproduction
12:28 Select prior with time-varying factor (random walk process)
14:41 Update model with new prior
16:00 Prior and Posterior predictive results 
17:23 Taking infection delay into account - generation time distribution
18:00 Modeling of generation time distribution of covid 19 
19:03 Convolution definition
20:38 Updating generative process model with a convolution
21:50 Prior and Posterior predictive results  
23:18 Compare models 
23:49 The number of infected - onset delay distribution
24:50 Update model with onset delay effect
26:26 Prior and Posterior predictive results 
27:28 Adjusting for number of tests performed 
29:35 Results discussion
30:05 Conclusion / Final remarks
```
